Dear colleagues, 
    
As we’ve returned to more normal patterns in our lives and work, we can all appreciate the many benefits of in-person engagement. We believe this is especially true when it comes to the importance of being in the office — being together improves the speed of decision making, while also providing valuable opportunities for spontaneous learning and creativity, as well as allowing our professionals to learn through our apprenticeship model. We also believe that being together in person is the best way to build and strengthen our culture — the very thing that makes our company special. 
    
Our leaders play a critical role in reinforcing our culture and running our businesses. They have to be visible on the floor, they must meet with clients, they need to teach and advise, and they should always be accessible for immediate feedback and impromptu meetings. We need them to lead by example, which is why we’re asking all Managing Directors to be in the office five days a week. 
  
We also want to recognize and thank our thousands of colleagues who cannot take advantage of a hybrid schedule because of the role they play at the company — for example, employees in our retail bank branches and jobs in check processing. And for those of you whose roles can benefit from a hybrid work model — please be reminded that a minimum of three days a week in the office is required. Any exception will need senior management approval. Most of you are following your hybrid models, but there are a number of employees who aren’t meeting their in-office attendance expectations, and that must change. You’re responsible for meeting your hybrid model requirements. Your manager is responsible for ensuring that attendance requirements are being met and in cases where they aren’t, taking the appropriate performance management steps, which could include corrective action. 
  
We learned a lot during the pandemic about how important flexibility can be in terms of taking care of family and other personal matters. So just as it was prior to COVID, we fully expect our people to have flexibility, as appropriate.   
   
If there are any constraints on space, they should be made known to your senior management to be resolved to make seating available. We know that there are plenty of employees who prefer to work a full week in the office — for example, those starting in their careers like our Program Analysts who learn from an apprenticeship model, or new joiners who need to build relationships with their colleagues. Everyone should be able to work five days a week in the office. 
   
It’s important that all employees enter their time when they are out of the office — whether for personal reasons like vacation or sick days, or for business reasons like business travel or client meetings. While many of you already do this, for others this will be new. You should know that there is significant work underway to automate attendance tracking related to business travel and client meetings (e.g., leveraging corporate travel data, Outlook Calendars, etc.), and to generate routine reminders when a manual entry is needed. In the meantime, you may be required to enter business-related out of office codes (when you’re out for a full day) until these data feeds are integrated. Tracking attendance is not only important to manage hybrid work schedules but also for real estate, resiliency and security purposes. This data will help us understand what’s working and what’s not in terms of keeping all of our employees productive and safe.
  
In the coming days and weeks, you’ll receive more information on time tracking, hybrid working tools and other resources to support you. In the meantime, you can find many useful tools and resources on the Hybrid Working page. If you have questions about your in-office attendance expectations, please speak with your manager.
   
We have a winning team at JPMorgan Chase and working with one another — in person — is optimal for our company, our clients and our culture. Being together greatly benefits mentoring, learning, collaboration and execution — it is truly the foundation of our culture. 
   
Thank you for everything you continue to do to make our company strong and vibrant. 
